Boo Woo Come on love
I'm going to meet you now
Landscape like hometown
Nostalgic smile
I forgot myself
Like flipping an album
It was good that the magic sword of the window changed
Thank you
A journey that earns miles
Let's go riding on the orange wind
Journey of the scarlet dragon you Renji railway slow life
Two Orenji Railways from Yatsushiro City in Kumamoto Prefecture to Satsuma Kawanai City in Kagoshima Prefecture
It connects at the station of 116.9 k 528
Seasonal flowers including the beautiful coastline of the Sea East China Sea that you do not know from the car window
Many scenic spots such as mountains full of green make you enjoy your eyes
History and humanity live along the Hijiri Orenji Railway Line
There are many old-fashioned spa towns
And long-term stay to care the body to one of the hot springs in Japan for a long time
There was a culture of those days
There are many places where hot springs in various places along the road have once been loved as hot spring resorts
Has been claw receiving between good An'yama and cozy Okaya is now
There
Please come to the hot spring or it is a hot spring
There Huh
Hmm
The open-air bath that enters while watching the view of the mountains full of lush greenery and so on is exceptional
Gourmet along the route that is essential to the journey of the Orange Railway
You can enjoy abundant sea food, mountain food and historical local cuisine in any city
At Akamatsukan near Tanoura Gitsubaki Koen Station , we spread curry to the dining table of Japanese families
You can eat the curry made with Tomi Egami's recipe
A dining room where you can eat the blessings of the East China Sea reasonably
Midori Midori, such as a farm restaurant using local ingredients
And sea urchin bowl Festival 8 of maintenance Festival by season
It is full of gourmet events
There are a lot of nice view spots along the Hidaka Orenj Railway
Sunset on the East China Sea
Flowers Arthur blooming along the line
Clay bear fruit mandarin orange groves
You know
You can enjoy the view of the car window
If you get off the train, you will be able to heal the heart of Japanese rural scenery and seasonal natural scenery
Hijiri Orenji Railway offers a service for group charter trains and trains for additional train events.
I will
Events and parties can and the people of the whole charter your family and friends company 1 Both the train
Attendant Orange Berry will walk along the route
Do and I will guide Lesser will make sure to eat rice
Required 2 years old
The original lunch on the Hijiri- Orenji Railway is a nostalgic item that incorporates the eighth chapter of the city's food along the road
Taste
Private karaoke can also be enjoyed on group reserved trains
As departure station and end station are free, you may enjoy various events depending on your ideas
I can do it
From the beginning rather than the movement of the time reduction from the point to the destination to 10% from the starting point
I can enjoy the time to travel or even the day
Thank you to the person who taught me a delicious shop
To Grandpa who told old stories
See you again
The station that got down
Riding street corner walked
Happy only there
5 is alive forever
Hmm
All also sunset sparkling friendly landscape statement also another local name in the East China Sea has led to the devoted
It knew the way of orange to Mac of the heart
It signpost to another home
I feel that I'm already okay
I will come back again
Ride the orange wind